---
title: "April 2023 Meetup"
layout: blog_article
author: dc225
version: 1.1.1
description: DC225's April 2023 Meetup
---

**DEF CON 225 (DC225)**, a group of passionate cybersecurity enthusiasts and ethical hackers, organized their monthly meetup on Saturday, April 22, 2023, at 2 PM at the Main Library on Goodwood Blvd. in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The event provided a great opportunity for people to come together and share knowledge about picking locks, discuss the latest cybersecurity news, events, and tools.


The Main Library on Goodwood Blvd. was a perfect location for the DC225 meetup, providing attendees with a spacious and comfortable environment to interact and exchange ideas. The library offered a range of resources that the group could use, including meeting rooms, technology, and access to books and other materials related to cybersecurity. DC225 was thrilled to have access to the library's resources and facilities and looks forward to continuing to use the library for future meetups.


DC225 expressed their gratitude to the Main Library on Goodwood Blvd. for providing a welcoming and supportive environment for their April 2023 meetup. They look forward to working with the library to continue organizing informative and engaging meetups that provide opportunities for learning, networking, and growth in the cybersecurity community.


The event started with an introduction to lockpicking, a critical skill for anyone interested in cybersecurity and ethical hacking. The session covered various techniques, tools, and best practices for picking locks, providing attendees with hands-on experience and knowledge.


The meetup also included discussions on the latest developments in the field of cybersecurity, such as the rise of ransomware attacks, data breaches, and cybersecurity regulations. Participants shared their experiences, insights, and perspectives on these issues, providing a comprehensive view of the current cybersecurity landscape.


In addition, attendees had the opportunity to explore the latest cybersecurity tools and technologies. The event featured demonstrations and discussions on various cybersecurity tools and techniques, including pen-testing tools, vulnerability scanners, and encryption tools.


Overall, the DC225 April 2023 meetup was a resounding success, bringing together a diverse group of people with a shared passion for cybersecurity and ethical hacking. The event provided an excellent opportunity for attendees to learn, network, and exchange ideas, paving the way for future collaboration and growth in the cybersecurity community. If you're interested in learning more about cybersecurity and ethical hacking, be sure to check out DC225's upcoming meetups and events!