---
title: "March 2023 Meetup"
layout: blog_article
author: dc225
version: 1.1.1
description: DC225's March 2023 Meetup
---

**DEF CON 225 (DC225)** is a group of like-minded individuals who are passionate about cybersecurity and ethical hacking. They regularly organize meetups to discuss the latest developments in the field, share knowledge, and network with fellow enthusiasts. On March 25, 2023, DC225 held their monthly meetup at The Patio Lounge, where attendees enjoyed a fun and informative evening of learning and mingling.

The Patio Lounge was the perfect setting for the DC225 meetup, providing a relaxed and casual atmosphere for attendees to hang out and connect with one another. During the event, participants had the opportunity to learn about picking locks, a skill that is essential for anyone interested in cybersecurity and ethical hacking.

In addition to lockpicking, attendees also had the chance to discuss the latest cybersecurity news, events, and tools. These discussions were informative and engaging, with participants sharing insights and perspectives on a wide range of topics related to cybersecurity.

One of the highlights of the meetup was the chance to play with the Flipper Zero and Pwnagotchi, two popular tools in the cybersecurity and ethical hacking communities. The Flipper Zero is a versatile device that can be used for a wide range of tasks, including sniffing out Wi-Fi networks, cracking passwords, and emulating different types of hardware. The Pwnagotchi, on the other hand, is a cute and quirky device that can be used to crack Wi-Fi passwords and perform other types of hacking and security testing.

Overall, the March 2023 DC225 meetup at The Patio Lounge was a great success. Attendees enjoyed a fun and informative evening of learning, networking, and playing with cutting-edge cybersecurity tools. For anyone interested in the world of cybersecurity and ethical hacking, DC225 meetups are a great way to connect with like-minded individuals and stay up-to-date on the latest developments in the field.